== Reader Shop

Works with the reader extension to charge for items via paypal.
Differs from other payment extensions by being very light. There is no products table - instead orders are created by sending for data to the /orders path.


=== Requirements

Works with 0.8.1 and probably 0.9.
Currently requires my fork of Spanner's reader extension:
  http://github.com/gunn/radiant-reader-extension

Currently requires the multi-site extension installed, although this will probably change.
  http://github.com/spanner/radiant-multi-site-extension/

=== Installation

Get the code however you like. Submodules are a good idea:
  git submodule add http://github.com/gunn/radiant-reader_shop-extension vendor/extensions/reader_shop

Run the migrations:
  rake radiant:extensions:reader_shop:migrate

In your environment.rb:
  config.gem 'inherited_resources', :version => "1.0.6"

=== Usage
Go to the settings page for whichever site requires ordering functionality and enter your paypal credentials.
Create a user facing form which when submitted sends the parameters title, description, and price (in cents) to the /orders path.

There is a tag to help create the form, the tag can take argument normally, or by having the its inner content interpereted as YAML. For example:
  <r:order_form description="great fun!" price="3900">
  title: <r:title/>
  submit: Purchase
  </r:order_form>

Arguments from YAMl take override the regular ones.

A user submitting the form, if not signed in as a reader, will be asked to create a reader account or sign in. They will then be asked to confirm their billing details before being redirected to paypal.

  
Any questions: please message me.